Add valid `rancher/kubectl` version to examples (#394)
spiffe/helm-charts-hardened: charts/spire/README.md

      country: ARPA
      organization: Example
      commonName: example.org

> spire-server:
>   tools:
>     kubectl:
>       image:
>         tag: "v1.23.3"
> spiffe-oidc-discovery-provider:
>   tools:
>     kubectl:
>       image:
>         tag: "v1.23.3"

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
# If rancher/kubectl doesn't have a version that matches your cluster, uncomment and update:
#    tools:
#       kubectl:
#         tag: "v1.23.3"
```
